= docusign

http://www.docusign.com
http://www.github.com/texel/docusign

== Description

A library for communicating with the Docusign API via SOAP.

== Making An API Call

  connection = Docusign::Base.login(
    :user_name    => 'your_user_name',
    :password     => 'your_password',
    :endpoint_url => 'http://demo.docusign.net/API/3.0'
  )

  connection.request_status :envelope_id => '12345'

== Install

1. $ gem update --system (this is only necessary if you don't have rubygems 1.3.6 or newer)
2. $ gem install docusign

== AutoCamelize

The Docusign gem supports calling methods using both camelCase and snake_case. Methods in snake_case
that don't exist on a Docusign module class or instance are automatically aliased to their camelCase
equivalent, if one exists. Hence, the following two examples are functionally identical:

  connection.request_status :envelope_id => '12345'
  connection.requestStatus :envelopeID => '12345'

== Builder syntax

To ease common tasks, some builder methods are included. For example, you can generate tabs for a
document for a particular recipient from the document itself:

  signer   = Docusign::Recipient.new # You may want to set some attributes of the recipient as well.
  document = Docusign::Document.new

  tabs = document.tabs signer do |d|
    d.tab :name => 'email', :value => email, :page => 1, :x => 190, :y => 186
    d.tab :name => 'phone', :value => phone, :anchor => {:string => 'Phone:',  :x_offset => 200, :y_offset => -2}
    d.tab :type => Docusign::TabTypeCode::FullName, :page => 1, :x => 190, :y => 118
  end
  
These tabs will be pre-populated with both the document's and signer's id.
Note that passing in a signer to the builder is optional- you can still specify or override the signer
for an individual tab:

  tabs = document.tabs do |d|
    d.tab :signer => signer_1, :name => 'email', :value => email, :page => 1, :x => 190, :y => 186
    d.tab :signer => signer_2, :name => 'email', :value => email, :page => 1, :x => 190, :y => 186
  end
  
You can also use block syntax for the tabs themselves:

  tabs = document.tabs signer do |d|
    d.tab do |t|
      t.name = 'phone'
      t.anchor do |a|
        a.string = 'Phone'
        a.x_offset = 200
      end
    end
  end

== License

Copyright (C) DocuSign, Inc.  All rights reserved.

This source code is intended only as a supplement to DocuSign SDK 
and/or on-line documentation.

This sample is designed to demonstrate DocuSign features and is not intended 
for production use. Code and policy for a production application must be 
developed to meet the specific data and security requirements of the 
application.

THIS CODE AND INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
